Add docs for `HTTP_AUTH_HEADER_` and `HTTP_AUTH_TOKEN_` secrets. (#6784)
moby/buildkit: frontend/dockerfile/docs/reference.md

`RUN curl` or use another tool from within the container as the `ADD` instruction
doesn't support authentication.

##### Secrets

You can use the `HTTP_AUTH_HEADER_<host>` and `HTTP_AUTH_TOKEN_<host>` secrets
to set credentials for remote sources. Learn more

> [here](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/secrets/#http-authentication-for-add).

Reviewer: I try to avoid opaque link texts like `here` in favor of something more descriptive, like title of the page we're linking to.

```suggestion
to set credentials for remote sources. For more information, see
[Build secrets](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/secrets/#http-authentication-for-add).
```

Author: Absolutely no worries, thanks for making it more consistent :pray: (fixup'd it into the one commit)
